[Music]
all right so we're going to talk about
seven unconventional growth hacks to 10x
your growth but first let's define what
growth hacks are growth hacks are simply
sometimes you can call them marketing
shortcuts or just little tactics that
will help you get ahead um to help 10x
your growth so growth hack number one is
using a tool like hype Fury so hype Fury
you can use a tool called typefully I
always got the two confused but these
are both Twitter tools and the cool
thing about hype theory is that if you
tweet a thread it'll actually push it
over to LinkedIn as well and they'll
actually make a carousel for you to put
on Instagram so instead of you having to
do all the work manually it'll help do
it for you and then also using a tool
like hype Theory will give you ideas to
help you overcome writer's block so
that's the first one number two
conferences are one of the best places
to get business we've already talked
about speaking we've talked about
volunteering and attending and
sponsoring we figured out a hack over
the years that's helped us produce the
best return from conferences we've ever
seen partner with the conference whether
it's to give them a little bit of money
or you speak for free or you help them
promote the event in exchange they help
you set up one-on-one meetings with the
biggest companies and players there and
it needs to be aligned right what value
can you provide them the one I also want
to meet with you they can't force the
meeting and if they set up three four
five six we usually try to get eight
meetings in within like two days and uh
we close really large Enterprise deals
from that it's one of the best growth
hacks every time I fly to event we try
to do that for every single conference
oh that's really smart he didn't tell me
that one that's a good one all right
number three number three is um I'm
gonna do chat GPT plus Riverside so for
Riverside that's our podcast the podcast
uh product that we use to record so it's
super high quality videos right and
there's a lot of you know bells and
whistles and one of the bells and
whistles that comes with it is the
transcription feature so automatically
transcribe using AI so we dump it into
chat GPT and we say hey can you
summarize uh can you make a blog post of
the topics that we covered I don't
basically make it into like a 500 or 600
word blog post and then we'll send it to
our editors the editors will expand it a
little bit and then we'll add in links
We'll add in statistics link inside link
outside as well and um you know and add
some Trends into the blog post and maybe
some embeddings it basically Cuts our
time to produce a blog post down by 75
to 80 and so you can imagine that it
saves us a lot on cost too that is one
way of going about it chat GPT plus
riverside.fm number four so with
LinkedIn the best way to get engagement
we'll talk about this a little bit and
our next podcast is to have other really
popular accounts comment on your profile
what people are doing is they're going
to playerop.com where you can buy
LinkedIn accounts look for verified
accounts with over 500 plus connections
anything less than that doesn't work
there's a little black hat E I wouldn't
recommend it but I'll just tell you guys
it because some people want to know this
stuff I wouldn't do it if I was a big
business or anything we've never seen
anyone get banned from it we don't do it
ourselves but what you end up doing is
you take those accounts whenever you
post on your corporate page you comment
from those accounts and we typically see
a really high crazy boost and virality
for that post and you can buy those
accounts for really cheap I think they
go for like 50 to 100 bucks so you buy
like around like six or seven and that's
really it I think this is number five on
my end number five is retention.com so
we've talked about this this is kind of
a little in the gray area right now it's
definitely black if it's in your if
you're outside of the United States
because of gdpr but what it basically
does especially if you're in e-commerce
is it will kind of take the data the
visitors that you have from your website
it'll cross cross reference it with the
list that they have and think about it
this way if your site is getting a
hundred thousand visits a month maybe
your email often is maybe one percent
two percent or so well in this scenario
you can actually get you know 20 to 30
percent right let's just say 20 or so so
a hundred thousand visits a month that
are unique well then you're collecting
20 000 unique emails this is okay in the
United States right now because there's
they don't have like they're not as
aggressive as kind of the gdpr rules but
I believe that this will be closed in
the next couple years so write this
while you can especially if you're in
e-commerce yeah and then if you're
watching on YouTube You'll see Eric has
a ton of books behind them give away a
free book Eric's published a book as
well make your book free put it out
everywhere charge for shipping for
people to get it ideally you just want
to cover your cost get their information
put them in a book funnel you can find a
lot of book funnels on clickfunnels.com
and then start selling them on other
products Services Consulting it's a
great way people don't want to pay for
books but the homeless is free and they
just have to pay for shipping you'll end
up generating quite a bit of sales it's
one of the easiest ways to get sales for
a book and you can end up running
Facebook ads to it it's really
affordable people end up doing it Neil
let me just ask you this when you do a
webinar right
um what is the flow like what page do
they land on like is it like you know
they sign up for something and then
what's the next page and what's the next
page after that from a webinar we drive
them to a landing page where you sell
them on something we haven't we haven't
done this in ages this is if we're
selling products currently we just
collect leads and then our sales teams
follow up because remember we're
focusing mainly on Enterprise before
when we sold eBooks from a webinar we
were driving to the landing page if they
bought from that then we just add in
upsells and downsells so then we'd show
them a few more products after they buy
and they can just do one-click upsells
basically it's this model right and this
is more for again if you're selling like
a product or a course you sign up for
the webinar on the webinar thank you
page literally it's get a free free
trial for click funnels and literally
that changed the trajectory of their
business so they still had after the
webinar it's like come by this stuff
there's some cross sells there's some
down cells and things like that but on
the thank you page you just add a button
to whatever it is that you're offering
and um just make sure that it's a it's a
really good offer
um you know for I think Russell Brunson
calls it a miff key which is uh from Dan
Kennedy a miffkey stands for most
incredible free gift ever
um and so that's what it is if and I
don't know if it really took the
business from 10 million a year to 100
million a year but I think it's still
interesting to check out so that is it
for today please don't forget to
subscribe check us out on YouTube and we
will see you later now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you very much